[ECIP-1104] BASEFEE omit, activations, last call (#452)
ethereumclassic/ECIPs: _specs/ecip-1104.md

lang: en
ecip: 1104
title:  Mystique EVM and Protocol Upgrades

> status: Last call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status: Last Call
```

##### Omitted
- EIP 1559 "Fee market change": A transaction pricing mechanism that includes fixed-per-block network fee that is burned and dynamically expands/contracts block sizes to deal with transient congestion.
  - Undesirable to implement at this time as it would conflict with the current monetary policy set in ECIP-1017  
- EIP 3198 "BASEFEE opcode": Adds an opcode that gives the EVM access to the block’s base fee. 

>   - It depends on EIP-1559 and it wouldn't make sense in the context of ETC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - It depends on EIP-1559. Behavior specifications for use in context without EIP-1559 are undefined.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! I already applied it
